ODOO CODING STANDARDS
---------------------
NOTE: Don't go for Customization until and unless no option is available (Configuration, Third party modules, OCA Modules, Other Projects customized modules,...etc)

1. Proper Module Name - based on the Feature
2. Proper Module details (description, version, category,dependencies....etc) - based on the Feature
3. Proper Module Structure, Folder names (Models, views, data, security,....etc)
4. Proper File names (Python, XML, CSS, JS)
5. Proper Imports - Unwanted import verification
6. Proper Class Names, Table name, Inherits, order by, description
7. Proper Field names (Attributes --> readonly, store, tracking, domain, help, compute functions, default value,....etc)
8. Proper Constraints (Proper field dependencies)
9. Onchange functions (Definition, Methods) with Proper field dependencies
10. Compute functions with Proper field dependencies
11. Call the Parent function with super key word
12. Don't override any function (Unless and until no option)
13. Write function based on feature, code re-usability
14. Validation in Create Function - Before calling Super
15. Use proper Validation Class, ex : UserError, UserWarning, ValidationError,AccessError,...etc
16. Try to create a new module with proper workflow
17. Try to avoid Hard codes in conditions, any other places
18. Create/define a separate module in case of common feature for more than one module
19. Don't Change any Third party module (if any change required then extended as a new module)
20. Don't override existing Reports - create a new report
21. Any model ACL is mandatory (based on the behavior Read, Write, Create, Delete)
22. Security groups mandatory based on Module (Masters, Reports, Transactions, Approvals, Views)
23. Proper Definition/Function/Method names
24. Before start the Day (or) commit the code Pull it and then continue
25. Code commit with Proper descriptions
26. Comments are mandatory for new Definition, conditions,......etc
27. No hard code for Decimal Accuracy (Report, Screen, code all must be same)
28. Try to Provide the most of the Filters with Optional while generate Reports
29. Try to Provide the most of the Filters, Group by, Search Options while generate new forms
30. Many2many, One2many fields with proper relational table and relational fields
